com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentInventoryBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentInventoryBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityCreatingTaskBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityCreatingTaskBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentBigRectangleCheckBoxBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentBigRectangleCheckBoxBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentGetLoginPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentGetLoginPasswordBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentAvatarPartsChoiceMenuBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentAvatarPartsChoiceMenuBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentInputBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentInputBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentAvatarGivingNameMenuBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentAvatarGivingNameMenuBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentDosBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentDosBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentOrEnterByBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentOrEnterByBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentHeaderBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentButtonBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentButtonBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentCheckBoxBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentCheckBoxBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentGetCodeBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentGetCodeBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutMarketItemBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutMarketItemBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutHabitBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutHabitBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentPresentCharacterBigBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentPresentCharacterBigBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentSuperDesignInputBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentSuperDesignInputBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentInventoryListBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentInventoryListBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutSubtaskBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutSubtaskBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutInventoryItemBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutInventoryItemBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutTaskBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutTaskBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentDescriptionSuperDesignInputBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentDescriptionSuperDesignInputBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityCreatingAvatarBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityCreatingAvatarBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/network/NetworkService.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.network.NetworkService
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.network.NetworkService$DownloadImageTask
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutCreatingSubtaskBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutCreatingSubtaskBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityCreatingCharacterBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityCreatingCharacterBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/network/endpoints/JSONPlaceHolderApi.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.network.endpoints.JSONPlaceHolderApi
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityMainPageBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentCreatingSubtasksListBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentCreatingSubtasksListBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/network/endpoints/Test.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.network.endpoints.Test
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityCreatingHabitBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityCreatingHabitBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentMarketListBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentMarketListBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentPresentCharacterSmallBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentPresentCharacterSmallBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.BuildConfig
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutWearItemBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutWearItemBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/SimpleLayoutBuyMarketItemBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.SimpleLayoutBuyMarketItemBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentTasksListBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentTasksListBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentHabitsListBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentHabitsListBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/FragmentAskQuestionDialogueBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.FragmentAskQuestionDialogueBinding
com/example/graduationprojectandroid/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.graduationprojectandroid.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
